early morning
How are the preparations for the project's invite tenders conference?
The invited tenders conference is tomorrow
All the division guys in Yuncheng are interested
Especially Wan Jia, the head of the three major families
Their project plans
Top of all the bidding cases
If nothing else happens
The winner of the final bid should be Wanjia
In addition, Miss Wanjia also wants to meet you
no see
Even if a small Wanjia passes the bidding
Not eligible to compete
Who dares to go to my CEO's office?
Don't be rude
You go out first
Without my distribution
No one is allowed to enter, it is a slave
Murong Lan See the 5 military lords
Are you planning to come back and run the Tenglong Group?
I just want to take good care of my family now
Don't mention other things
Jin Shangrong can't be the king for a day
Enough goes without saying
I've made up my mind.
I came to you today for something else.
It is Da Ren who is looking for his subordinates today. What is the order?
I heard that your Tenglong Group
I recently took over a new project in Yuncheng
There is such a project to hold an invited tenders conference tomorrow
All the wealthy families in Yuncheng participated
Wanjia, the head of the three major families, is the most powerful
They should win in the end
Changed and handed over the project to Liu Qingxue Yes